feat(a11y guide): Update accessibility documentation (#2458)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/v4/src/content/developer-resources/accessibility-testing.md

- **Headings** - A visual user can scan a page and fairly quickly understand the information architecture of the page. Visually impaired users have other methods of achieving this. One common method is the use of headings where a user will use the heading levels to determine the flow of information. Having headings that vary in size simply based on design and not functionality will likely confuse these users. Having a clear flow of sequential heading sizes based on headings and subheadings is significantly clearer to all users.

> - **Accessible names for all elements** - When an element does not have visual text or when further explanation is necessary, a screen reader will not know what an item is or does. If you have an icon `<button>`, for example, the screen reader can only tell that it’s a button if it doesn’t have a label, not what the button does. Add a few more non-labeled buttons, and now all the screen reader sees are vague buttons with no understanding of what they do. See above section on labeling for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Accessible names for all elements**: When an element doesn't have visual text or when further explanation is necessary, a screen reader will not know what an item is or does. For example, if you have an icon `<button>`, and it doesn't have a label, the screen reader can only tell that it’s a button—it can't determine what the button does. Add a few more non-labeled buttons, and now all the screen reader sees are vague buttons with no understanding of what they do. For more information, see the labeling section.
``` 
Can we anchor link "labeling section" ?

> - **Links** - similar to the above point, links need clarity too and should always have a label. Without it, users have no idea where the links point to - would you click on a link if you had no idea where it went? If you have the same label for multiple links though, it needs to be the same URL. Links, buttons, and form controls should make sense out of context. If a user wants to look at all of the links available, they should be able to differentiate the available links. You shouldn’t have ten “Click here” links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Links**: Similar to buttons, links should alway have a label for clarity. Without the label, users have no idea where the links point to. If you have the same label for multiple links, each link must point to the same URL. Links, buttons, and form controls should make sense out of context. If a user wants to look at all of the links available, they should be able to differentiate the available links. You shouldn’t have multiple “Click here” links.
```

> - **Landmarks** - As mentioned earlier, landmarks help identify regions to communicate the structure of a page. There are a number of types of landmarks such as banners, navigation, main, form, etc. When there are more than one of the same role (for example, two navigation regions on the same page), these regions should be differentiated by an `aria-label`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Landmarks**: Landmarks help communicate the structure of a page by identifying regions. There are many types of landmarks, such as banners, navigation, main, and form. When there are more than one of the same role (for example, two navigation regions on the same page), these regions should be differentiated by an `aria-label`.
```

> - **Dynamic content** - One of the biggest accessibility concerns with dynamic content is the need to notify users that the content has changed. Sighted users benefit from highlighting or drawing visual attention to the changes. Non-sighted users need to be notified some other way, such as by loading a new page, sending the focus to the new content, or using ARIA live announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dynamic content**: One of the biggest accessibility concerns with dynamic content is the need to notify users that the content has changed. Sighted users benefit from highlighting or drawing visual attention to the changes. Non-sighted users need to be notified in another way, such as loading a new page, sending the focus to the new content, or using ARIA live announcements.
```

> - **Unrelated announcements** from the OS outside of the web app - Other notifications can interrupt a user while interacting with a page. For example, "you received a new chat msg from xyz". This possibility should be considered when designing and developing for screen readers as it will impact their experience. This is why it's good to keep things like validation messages and alerts terse, as it makes it less likely that an announcement will be interrupted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unrelated notifications**: Notifications from the operating system outside of the web app can interrupt a user while interacting with a page (for example, "You received a new chat message."). Consider this possibility when designing and developing for screen readers, and keep any notification messaging concise to limit the interruption.
```

<br />

### Checklist for testing
These are some of the main areas we check for on the PatternFly team. We recommend that you check for these same areas in your applications, too. 

**General questions**

> <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Rotor Navigation can discover all information <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Rotor Navigation can discover all information. <br/>
```

> <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Shortcut Navigation can discover all information <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Shortcut Navigation can discover all information. <br/>
```

> <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Cursor Navigation can discover all information. (dependent on component and use case- easy way to navigate to component) <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> VO Cursor Navigation can discover all information (dependent on component and use case—easy way to navigate to component). <br/>
```  
I'm not quite sure what "easy way to navigate to component" means. Do you mean, "Users should have an easy way of navigating components" ?

> <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Tabbed Keyboard Navigation can discover all information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Tabbed Keyboard Navigation can discover all information.
```

- However, if content should be hidden from a screen reader, for instance, if it’s offscreen or just presentational, make sure that content is set to aria-hidden=”true”.  <br/>

<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Is it understandable and usable? <br/>

>   - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> When you navigate to an item by keyboard or by screen reader, you can easily understand and use the item <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> When you navigate to an item by keyboard or by screen reader, you can easily understand and use the item. <br/>
```

>   - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Flow of information makes sense when navigating - screen readers navigate the page in DOM order, if you’ve used CSS to visually reposition elements, they may be announced in a nonsensical sequence. If you need something to appear earlier in the page, try to physically move it earlier in the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> The flow of information makes sense when navigating. Screen readers navigate the page in DOM order. If you used CSS to visually reposition elements, they might be announced in a nonsensical sequence. Instead, if you need something to appear earlier in the page, try to physically move it earlier in the DOM.
``` 

I don't completely understand what we're saying here, so I'm not sure if my edits make sense...feel free to reject haha

**Accessibility points** <br />

> <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Structure:** Need to map the visual information architecture to the various rotor menus that exist by default. <br />

Reviewer: Are we telling users to do this (like another checklist item)? If so, we should phrase it as a statement: "Map the visual information..."

> - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Check rotor:** are there good headings, landmarks, links, form controls, etc? Do they make sense, are descriptive but not overloading with info? <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Check rotor:** Are there good headings, landmarks, links, form controls, and other elements? Do they make sense, and are they descriptive without overloading information? <br />
``` 
I've been replacing or removing "etc" and "ie" because those abbreviations aren't easily understood by global audiences, especially for folks whose native language isn't rooted in Latin. If my replacement for "etc" doesn't make sense here, definitely feel free to replace it with a different word!

>   - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Headings (check that heading levels convey structure/content and do not skip)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Headings: Check that heading levels convey structure/content and do not skip. A common practice is to use a single h1 for the primary headline or logo on a page, h2s for designating major sections, and h3s for supporting sections.
```

>     - A common practice is to use a single h1 for the primary headline or logo on a page, h2s to designate major sections, and h3's in supporting subsections <br />

Reviewer: I suggested above that we move this line to the same line as "Headings" to cut down on multiple nested single items. So if you decide to move this line, then we can cut it here.

  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Links <br />

>   - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Form Controls <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Form controls <br />
```

  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Landmarks <br />
  - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> Tables <br />

<input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Labels:**

> - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Link** labels should be unique unless they have the same url, should be descriptive/informative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Link** labels should be unique unless they have the same URL, and they should be descriptive/informative.
```

> - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Buttons, form controls**, etc.

Reviewer: Let's specify what "etc" refers to.

>   - Go through form controls and check if they all have labels (accessible vs. good experience)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Go through form controls and check if they all have labels (accessible vs. good experience).
```

>   - **Expandable buttons** should have some indication that it has the expandable control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Expandable buttons** should have some indication that it has the expandable control.
```

> - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Form input** has to have some label even if not visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Form input** has to have some label even if it's not visible.
```

> - <input type="checkbox" unchecked /> **Icons**: where you don’t visibly see text there should still be some kind of text for screen reader

Reviewer: I recommend formatting each item consistently. Some are sentences, some aren't sentences, and some start with a bolded word and colon (:) whereas others don't. I don't think it matters which format we go with, as long as they're all consistent for clarity and easy reading/skimming 👍
